Exercises
1. What is web development?
is a process of designing, building, testing, and maintaining a website which ranges from a simple single page static website to a complex full-stack applications.
2. What is frontend?
is a website that a user can see and interact with.
3. Mention at least four frontend technologies
HTML, css, JavaScript and React.
4. What is backend?
refers to the activities that happens behind the scene. Backend development consists of backend a programming language and a database.
5. Mention at least four backend technologies
Python, PHP, Ruby and Node.js
6. What is full-stack
a sum of frontend, backend, testing, and including some other technologies.
7. What is client?
is someone that used the frontend and request information.
8. What is server
is the backend that send the information to the client
9. What is HTTP?
is a communication protocol that allow transmitting data between a client and a sever.
10. What is HTTP request?
A information petition made by a client
11. What is HTTP response?
is the response made by the server
12. What are the necessary tools for a web development?
Motivation, Internet, Browser, design Software, Code Editor and Git
13. Mention parts of a website
Header, Navigation bar, text, footer
14. What is the purpose of HTML
is to create the skeleton of a website
15. What is the purpose of CSS?
The skeleton or outline of the website is styled(beautified) by CSS(Cascading Style Sheet).
16. What is the purpose of JavaScript
JavaScript (JS) can make a website interactive and dynamic. 
17. Is it possible to develop using only HTML?
with only HTML it is possible to develop a decent static website.
18. Is there any strict guidelines what a website should look like? No
19. What are Git and GitHub? Version control software Did you install Git? No Do you have GitHub account? Yes
20. Do you need a prototype or mockup or a wireframe before you start building the website? No
21. First open this website, then right click on the page then click source, after that you will get an HTML source code. Count the number of the different HTML tag that have been used on this site. 9 different tags